Telkom University
Term:		2018/2019
Subject:	CSH1F2
Subject Name:	Introduction to Computer Science
Topic:		Session 6
Theme:		Class Project



Instruction:

This session (Week 6) we wil try to see an implementation of data visualization (data representation) in the area of Smart Cities.

You are free to choose and use other materials for comparison and learning improvement.

We will use and embrace the media below:
	Python as our language technology (view only)
	Kagggle.com as code sharing 


The class project below will typically take around 15 to 45 minutes end to end, 

please make sure you are running on a computer with minimal background processes and sufficient RAM (4GB with small number of background processes in Windows 10 Operating System) and CPU (Intel Core i5 or better), because the notebook sometimes could cause your CPU fan to swirl fast.

Lets move it on:


1 Prepare your local repository:

	1a Enter the branch that you created in Session 2 by entering the folder in your computer and do : git checkout <your_student_id>
		attention: 
		please use the directory / folder that you have been working on since Session 2.
		if you use a new directory or folder or new computer, you have to follow the Git initiation and related process before you start working, and I dont cover the related support in this session.

	1b Do the following in your working branch inside your local repository from Session 2 : git pull origin master 

		
2 Follow the instruction below: 

	2a open https://www.kaggle.com/wti200/exploratory-analysis-nyc-taxi-trip
		it is an example of how citizen or public can dig down into exploration of city taxi trips, in this case New York City taxi.

	2b try to analyze graphs in "Feature Visualization" and "Feature Engineering" sections.
	
	2c answer questions below in this file and submit maximum by 21.00 (09.00 PM) UTC+07.00 at 03 October 2018 (today, in 1 hour):

	2d submit by issueing: git push origin <your_student_id>

	2e Back to master branch in local repository to make sure you will be ready like a bread fresh from the oven: git checkout master


========= WORKSHEET STARTS

Full Name	: Enrico Christopher Reinhard

Class		: IF-42-INT

Student ID	: 1301180480

Answer for	: What do you think the meaning of "Feature " in this notebook ? 		(20 to 40 words)	(20 points)

		From my point of view, the meaning of "Feature " in the notebook is a feature of Kaggle, to represent or visualize a data. "Feature Engineering" has more complex way to represent data than "Feature Visualization"
		
Answer for	: What do you see in the relation between trip and time in this notebook ? 	(40 to 100 words)	(40 points)

		The relation between the trip and time is for certain time (hour), affects the number of trip and its duration. For example, there's shorter trip duration during the night than the day, because of traffic. And also there's more number of trip at the night than the day, because it's faster to reach destination at night.

Answer for	: Search Google, what are different types of data analysis ? 			(40 to 100 words)	(40 points)

		Descriptive : Discipline of quantitatively describing the main features of a collection of data.
		Exploratory : Analyzing data sets to find previously unknown relationships.
		Inferential : Aims to test theories about the nature of the world in general based on samples of “subjects” from the world.
		Predictive  : Various types of methods that analyze current and historical facts to make predictions about future events.
		Causal		: To find out what happens to one variable when you change another.
		Mechanistic : Understand the exact changes in variables that lead to changes in other variables for individual objects.


========= WORKSHEET ENDS
