Telkom University
Term:		2018/2019
Subject:	CSH1F2
Subject Name:	Introduction to Computer Science
Topic:		Session 6
Theme:		Class Project



Instruction:

This session (Week 6) we wil try to see an implementation of data visualization (data representation) in the area of Smart Cities.

You are free to choose and use other materials for comparison and learning improvement.

We will use and embrace the media below:
	Python as our language technology (view only)
	Kagggle.com as code sharing 


The class project below will typically take around 15 to 45 minutes end to end, 

please make sure you are running on a computer with minimal background processes and sufficient RAM (4GB with small number of background processes in Windows 10 Operating System) and CPU (Intel Core i5 or better), because the notebook sometimes could cause your CPU fan to swirl fast.

Lets move it on:


1 Prepare your local repository:

	1a Enter the branch that you created in Session 2 by entering the folder in your computer and do : git checkout <your_student_id>
		attention: 
		please use the directory / folder that you have been working on since Session 2.
		if you use a new directory or folder or new computer, you have to follow the Git initiation and related process before you start working, and I dont cover the related support in this session.

	1b Do the following in your working branch inside your local repository from Session 2 : git pull origin master 

		
2 Follow the instruction below: 

	2a open https://www.kaggle.com/wti200/exploratory-analysis-nyc-taxi-trip
		it is an example of how citizen or public can dig down into exploration of city taxi trips, in this case New York City taxi.

	2b try to analyze graphs in "Feature Visualization" and "Feature Engineering" sections.
	
	2c answer questions below in this file and submit maximum by 21.00 (09.00 PM) UTC+07.00 at 03 October 2018 (today, in 1 hour):

	2d submit by issueing: git push origin <your_student_id>

	2e Back to master branch in local repository to make sure you will be ready like a bread fresh from the oven: git checkout master


========= WORKSHEET STARTS

Full Name	: Muhammad Aufa Anasin

Class		: IF-42-INT

Student ID	: 1301180497

Answer for	: What do you think the meaning of "Feature " in this notebook ? 		(20 to 40 words)	(20 points)

		The feature in this notebook tell us about some information that we can simple and clearly to analyze

Answer for	: What do you see in the relation between trip and time in this notebook ? 	(40 to 100 words)	(40 points)

		So, the conclustion is when the trips becomes more long distance, it will take a maybe a variaion of time based on the high densinty of traffic, high activity jam (like example lunch time and people getting to find the lunch), weather (example like if the city goes rain, it might the car reduce the speed because of the slick roads) and many more!

Answer for	: Search Google, what are different types of data analysis ? 			(40 to 100 words)	(40 points)

		There are 2 types of data analysis. both of them is Non Statistic and Statiticable
		- 1. Non Statistic 
			a. There are Qualitative data, that is data that cannot be spelled out, clearer non-statistical analysis
			b. Qualitative data mostly process or analyze based on the substantion
			c. this type of data analysis is frequently called as content analysis because it contains critical, descriptive, comparative, and sintensi analyse
			
		- 2. Statistic Analyze
			a. for Quantitative data, it means that the data is just like variation of number, and this type verry great of used
			b. there are some words that called Descriptive Statistic and Inferensial Statistic
			c. Descriptive statistc mostly used for help explain some fact that was based on the real situation from one sample and it becomes descriptive research 
			


========= WORKSHEET ENDS
